lives in Russia at one hundred forty two-odd
a million people among them there and
professional football players
who are zealously criticized by the whole country but
The main expert in this is Alexander Bubnov
10 minutes he knows football better
all all others compared to him
just kids big kids
what is our football
our football benefits and
love people he broke this is our football on
plateau
it is not our thing that distinguishes the players exactly
our football from everyone else
footballer run up worked on titan
why commentator ntv plus
follow on twitter
even if they sit in the same room because
what are they commenting like
be interested yes and the page itself
they just don't have a liquid floor to cancer on and
they can
want to say something to their others
friends commentator 2 have they something
will say right in the microphone at the archer and
all people will hear who are watching football
and then they take business here I communicate
so what is the federal commentator
level and such lofts that you about him
think they are your fingers - yes and that
commentator 2 + michael milnikov what are you
think of him like a street man
which just got a job
his every way I do shirt he is
I have 50 liters and it is surprising commentators
this plus Vasily utkin
good commentator because
he and mounts does his office
pieces the junction of his helps words from his
body
brake and
total 100 exhibitions we have a doctor the moment he
he candle avatar gear for elder
I voluntarily shared
delighted